FFWEB-1567: introduced `topic` attribute in `ff-asn` (#247)
FACT-Finder-Web-Components/documentation: markdown/3.x/en/ff-asn.md

        </div>
    </ff-asn-group>
```

> ### Dispatching data manually

Reviewer: I don't see manual data dispatching as part of _Searchable ASN groups_ so I think it's best to increase the headline level.
```suggestion
## Dispatching data manually
```

There is also an indentation error on **line 322** messing up the displayed formatting in GitHub. Would you mind fixing that with the other changes?

Author: Indentation has been removed

> If you need to manually dispatch data, for instance when component is subscribed to custom topic, you can use `ResultDispatcher` to achieve that.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need to manually dispatch data, for instance when the component is subscribed to a custom topic, you can use `ResultDispatcher` to achieve that.
```

> ASN component requires `groups` property content of FACT-Finder response to be passed. Any additional preparation is not needed. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ASN component requires the `groups` property's content of the FACT-Finder response to be passed.
No additional preparation is needed. 
```
